README.md, before:

# atmega_gy86

  this project is for experimental testing the gy86, which is 10 axis sensor.



## Test environment

  * atmega128 + gy86, 10 axis gyro sensor

  * development host: 
  
      mac os x (avr-gcc, avrdude), 
	  linux ubuntu 16.04
      isp(AD-USBISP v06.0, $25).  
	  
	  please refer to docs/HOWTO.txt and Makefile.tmpl of this project.


  * target device: 
	
	  atmega 128A, stm32!



## current status of this project


  - ms5611   : completed 
  
	      * 1'st, 2'st compensation and the result looks like below


		  C0[108], C1[44812], C2[46116], C3[28298], C4[24839], C5[30901], C6[28039], C7[35106] D1(9048194), D2(7950376), CRC(2), dT(39720.00)
		  1'st compensation:   Temperature(21.3276), Press(1014.5293 mbar)
		  2'st compensation:   Temperature(21.3276), Press(1014.5293 mbar)

		  C0[108], C1[44812], C2[46116], C3[28298], C4[24839], C5[30901], C6[28039], C7[35106] D1(9048166), D2(7950412), CRC(2), dT(39756.00)
		  1'st compensation:   Temperature(21.3288), Press(1014.5264 mbar)
		  2'st compensation:   Temperature(21.3288), Press(1014.5264 mbar)

		  C0[108], C1[44812], C2[46116], C3[28298], C4[24839], C5[30901], C6[28039], C7[35106] D1(9048156), D2(7950460), CRC(2), dT(39804.00)
		  1'st compensation:   Temperature(21.3305), Press(1014.5284 mbar)
		  2'st compensation:   Temperature(21.3305), Press(1014.5284 mbar)


  - MPU6050  : 70%

		  mpu6050(0x68) connected!
		  0.421(KHz) qw:0.998 qx:0.002 qy:-0.022 qz:-0.055 Roll:-0.001 Pitch:0.043 Yaw:0.111
		  0.429(KHz) qw:0.986 qx:0.005 qy:-0.022 qz:0.165 Roll:-0.017 Pitch:0.043 Yaw:-0.331
		  0.434(KHz) qw:0.926 qx:0.010 qy:-0.020 qz:0.378 Roll:-0.033 Pitch:0.030 Yaw:-0.776
		  0.441(KHz) qw:0.820 qx:0.014 qy:-0.018 qz:0.572 Roll:-0.043 Pitch:0.013 Yaw:-1.219
		  0.432(KHz) qw:0.674 qx:0.018 qy:-0.014 qz:0.738 Roll:-0.044 Pitch:-0.007 Yaw:-1.661
		  0.434(KHz) qw:0.495 qx:0.020 qy:-0.010 qz:0.868 Roll:-0.038 Pitch:-0.024 Yaw:-2.105
		  0.434(KHz) qw:0.292 qx:0.022 qy:-0.005 qz:0.956 Roll:-0.023 Pitch:-0.039 Yaw:-2.547
		  0.428(KHz) qw:0.075 qx:0.022 qy:-0.001 qz:0.997 Roll:-0.005 Pitch:-0.045 Yaw:-2.991
		  0.430(KHz) qw:-0.146 qx:0.022 qy:0.005 qz:0.989 Roll:0.015 Pitch:-0.042 Yaw:2.849
		  0.431(KHz) qw:-0.358 qx:0.020 qy:0.009 qz:0.933 Roll:0.031 Pitch:-0.032 Yaw:2.408
		  0.438(KHz) qw:-0.554 qx:0.018 qy:0.013 qz:0.832 Roll:0.043 Pitch:-0.015 Yaw:1.966
		  0.434(KHz) qw:-0.724 qx:0.014 qy:0.017 qz:0.690 Roll:0.045 Pitch:0.005 Yaw:1.523
		  0.436(KHz) qw:-0.858 qx:0.011 qy:0.020 qz:0.513 Roll:0.039 Pitch:0.023 Yaw:1.078
		  0.437(KHz) qw:-0.950 qx:0.006 qy:0.022 qz:0.313 Roll:0.025 Pitch:0.038 Yaw:0.637
		  0.433(KHz) qw:-0.995 qx:0.001 qy:0.023 qz:0.096 Roll:0.005 Pitch:0.045 Yaw:0.193
		  0.432(KHz) qw:-0.992 qx:-0.004 qy:0.022 qz:-0.124 Roll:-0.014 Pitch:0.043 Yaw:-0.249



  - HMC5883L : 70%

		 angle(360), x(0), y(65384), z(65275)
         angle(359), x(1), y(65384), z(65275)
         angle(359), x(1), y(65384), z(65275)
         angle(360), x(0), y(65384), z(65275)
         angle(360), x(0), y(65384), z(65275)
         angle(360), x(0), y(65384), z(65275) 
         angle(360), x(0), y(65384), z(65275) 
         angle(360), x(0), y(65384), z(65275)
         angle(360), x(0), y(65384), z(65276)
         angle(360), x(0), y(65383), z(65275)
         angle(360), x(0), y(65383), z(65275)
         angle(360), x(0), y(65383), z(65275) 



## Todo

  - ms5611   : completed

  - MPU6050  : working now 70%

  - HMC5883L : 
              1. reset
			  2. check value and its validity

  - drone    : maybe from April of 2019.



## previous my quadcopter

   - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3Gm2NUxP8I


--- 
 welcome any feedback :)

 updated  Jan.  17. 2019
 JeHo Park <linuxpark@gmail.com>

Commit message:

update readme especilly about hmc5983 mem sensor

README.md, after:

# atmega_gy86

  this project is for experimental testing the gy86, which is 10 axis sensor.



## Test environment

  * atmega128 + gy86, 10 axis gyro sensor

  * development host: 
  
      mac os x (avr-gcc, avrdude), 
	  linux ubuntu 16.04
      isp(AD-USBISP v06.0, $25).  
	  
	  please refer to docs/HOWTO.txt and Makefile.tmpl of this project.


  * target device: 
	
	  atmega 128A, stm32!



## current status of this project


  - ms5611   : 80 %
  
	      * 1'st, 2'st compensation and the result looks like below


		  C0[108], C1[44812], C2[46116], C3[28298], C4[24839], C5[30901], C6[28039], C7[35106] D1(9048194), D2(7950376), CRC(2), dT(39720.00)
		  1'st compensation:   Temperature(21.3276), Press(1014.5293 mbar)
		  2'st compensation:   Temperature(21.3276), Press(1014.5293 mbar)

		  C0[108], C1[44812], C2[46116], C3[28298], C4[24839], C5[30901], C6[28039], C7[35106] D1(9048166), D2(7950412), CRC(2), dT(39756.00)
		  1'st compensation:   Temperature(21.3288), Press(1014.5264 mbar)
		  2'st compensation:   Temperature(21.3288), Press(1014.5264 mbar)

		  C0[108], C1[44812], C2[46116], C3[28298], C4[24839], C5[30901], C6[28039], C7[35106] D1(9048156), D2(7950460), CRC(2), dT(39804.00)
		  1'st compensation:   Temperature(21.3305), Press(1014.5284 mbar)
		  2'st compensation:   Temperature(21.3305), Press(1014.5284 mbar)


  - MPU6050  : 80 % ?

		  mpu6050(0x68) connected!
		  0.421(KHz) qw:0.998 qx:0.002 qy:-0.022 qz:-0.055 Roll:-0.001 Pitch:0.043 Yaw:0.111
		  0.429(KHz) qw:0.986 qx:0.005 qy:-0.022 qz:0.165 Roll:-0.017 Pitch:0.043 Yaw:-0.331
		  0.434(KHz) qw:0.926 qx:0.010 qy:-0.020 qz:0.378 Roll:-0.033 Pitch:0.030 Yaw:-0.776
		  0.441(KHz) qw:0.820 qx:0.014 qy:-0.018 qz:0.572 Roll:-0.043 Pitch:0.013 Yaw:-1.219
		  0.432(KHz) qw:0.674 qx:0.018 qy:-0.014 qz:0.738 Roll:-0.044 Pitch:-0.007 Yaw:-1.661
		  0.434(KHz) qw:0.495 qx:0.020 qy:-0.010 qz:0.868 Roll:-0.038 Pitch:-0.024 Yaw:-2.105
		  0.434(KHz) qw:0.292 qx:0.022 qy:-0.005 qz:0.956 Roll:-0.023 Pitch:-0.039 Yaw:-2.547
		  0.428(KHz) qw:0.075 qx:0.022 qy:-0.001 qz:0.997 Roll:-0.005 Pitch:-0.045 Yaw:-2.991
		  0.430(KHz) qw:-0.146 qx:0.022 qy:0.005 qz:0.989 Roll:0.015 Pitch:-0.042 Yaw:2.849
		  0.431(KHz) qw:-0.358 qx:0.020 qy:0.009 qz:0.933 Roll:0.031 Pitch:-0.032 Yaw:2.408
		  0.438(KHz) qw:-0.554 qx:0.018 qy:0.013 qz:0.832 Roll:0.043 Pitch:-0.015 Yaw:1.966
		  0.434(KHz) qw:-0.724 qx:0.014 qy:0.017 qz:0.690 Roll:0.045 Pitch:0.005 Yaw:1.523
		  0.436(KHz) qw:-0.858 qx:0.011 qy:0.020 qz:0.513 Roll:0.039 Pitch:0.023 Yaw:1.078
		  0.437(KHz) qw:-0.950 qx:0.006 qy:0.022 qz:0.313 Roll:0.025 Pitch:0.038 Yaw:0.637
		  0.433(KHz) qw:-0.995 qx:0.001 qy:0.023 qz:0.096 Roll:0.005 Pitch:0.045 Yaw:0.193
		  0.432(KHz) qw:-0.992 qx:-0.004 qy:0.022 qz:-0.124 Roll:-0.014 Pitch:0.043 Yaw:-0.249



  - HMC5883L : 80 % ?

          1.628(KHz) angle(0, 0), x(208, 208), y(5, 5), z(65308, -228)
          1.628(KHz) angle(0, 0), x(208, 208), y(5, 5), z(65308, -228)
          2.441(KHz) angle(0, 0), x(209, 209), y(5, 5), z(65309, -227)
          1.628(KHz) angle(0, 0), x(208, 208), y(5, 5), z(65308, -228)
          1.628(KHz) angle(0, 0), x(208, 208), y(4, 4), z(65308, -228)
          1.628(KHz) angle(0, 0), x(209, 209), y(5, 5), z(65309, -227)
          1.221(KHz) angle(0, 0), x(208, 208), y(5, 5), z(65309, -227)
          2.441(KHz) angle(0, 0), x(208, 208), y(5, 5), z(65309, -227)
          2.441(KHz) angle(0, 0), x(208, 208), y(4, 4), z(65308, -228)
          1.628(KHz) angle(0, 0), x(209, 209), y(5, 5), z(65308, -228)


## Todo

   - check this paper 13844.pdf first and study about characteristics of AHRS.
     1. check how much the values above have error or difference from their original value.
	 2. check how many methods are existing to make the errors small.
	 3. how i will do experiment with some tools i have not met yet.
	 etc .. 


## previous my quadcopter

   - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3Gm2NUxP8I


--- 
 welcome any feedback :)

 updated  Jan.  17. 2019
 JeHo Park <linuxpark@gmail.com>
